The Joe Rogan experience.
That was trying to get to know that the crime element is more than so I knew all
the lawyers and I went over to Bimini one day to, uh, to,
to get some real information about them because they couldn't in the U S they
were scared to talk. So I, I located through a defense lawyer,
a couple of some guys in, uh, in Bimini.
I went down there and I met with them and they were talking and because Bimini
was another kind of world, there was, the government was on the take there,
I think.
And they had a lot of speedboats going out of there every night at the hotel
towards the, you know,
Bimini is very close to Miami and I was doing Coke at that time. And I got,
when my wife, she was my cover and I, you know, and I,
a Hollywood screenwriter, he wants to talk to you. He did midnight express.
They liked that, you know, they want to know about the business,
but then in the middle of this, we're all coked up in the hotel. You know,
the way conversation goes and I drop a name, uh, just like that. You know,
a guy I talked to, well, he'd been a defense lawyer when I talked to him,
but in the past,
he'd been in a prosecutor because prosecutors often flipped to defense attorneys
to make more money. So when I mentioned that name,
two of these three guys got really uptight and they walked, they,
they excused themselves, went in the bathroom. When I, I said, I up,
I knew I'd up. And I didn't know what was going to come out of that bathroom.
You know, if they thought I was some kind of cop,
some kind of undergrad informer, because they didn't,
they hated that prosecutor that put them on, you know, put one of them away.
So a few minutes went by there and it was pretty hairy. Uh, but, uh,
I think I was paranoid,
but because they came out and they didn't have guns in their hands, but they,
they cut the meeting off. And, you know, I went back to my room.
They were staying in the same hotel all night. I was tense because I, you know,
I knew they could come and get me. It was their hotel. They own,
they own the island. Right. But it was nerve wracking. And I got out of there.
First thing in the morning, the whole point is you say the wrong word sometimes,
and you're dead. That's the, that's the kind of tension I wanted for this movie.
I put it into the scene early in the picture where Mr. Pachino Alica,
what goes into make a pickup, make us a trade. And, uh, he says, you know,
he senses something's off in this meeting.
And it becomes that blood blood bath with the dismemberment you remember,
and the chain saw.
There was a chain sauce murder at one point. Yeah, no,
there was two moments where I was like,
this is a real opportunity for us to come together.
And one of them was the moment the lockdown happened.
It felt to me very similar to right after nine 11,
where everybody was confronted with their own mortality, like holy, like we,
we might be on the verge of a pandemic,
like in a movie where a lot of the people we know die and here we have to
be kind to each other. We have to be, now, this is what's important.
Family's important. And I remember thinking I've never been closer to my family.
Never been closer to my friends.
We're calling each other all the time where we were. It was like, it was,
there was, there was real hope in that. I was like, if we get through this,
we're going to be tighter. We're going to know what means something,
what counts it does. standup comedy, everything else, man.
What's important is love and friendship.
Then it started to get angry.
It only took like three or four weeks where people started getting like they
were scared. So people started getting shittier with each other online.
And then I basically swore off Twitter. I was like,
this is just too toxic and too hostile.
The second moment where I thought we had the opportunity to come together was
George Floyd. So George Floyd died.
And all of a sudden you have these black lives matter protests. And I'm like,
maybe we can finally make a dent on racism.
Maybe we can finally make a dent in police brutality.
Maybe this is a moment where we can come together and realize what's important
is community solidarity, that we were all in this together. Like this is crazy.
And then the cops need to be reformed. Like they can't live like,
and maybe we should take into account PTSD. Maybe we should take into account.
The fact that these guys are pulling up on people every day that might shoot
them in the face.
They might never be able to see their family and their kids let's rework.
This let's think this through. Nope. Then chaos.
And then all of a sudden it became like what we saw yesterday,
where they're breaking into Amazon, go in Seattle.
Like that guy owns the Washington post.
He owns the most left wing newspaper in America. And you're like,
not good enough.
Well, you saw these set up by like a fake guillotine outside of,
besides his house in Washington, DC. And it's, it's just, it's madness.
I told rich, I totally agree with you, by the way. Like when, when the,
when COVID happened,
I thought I can't really see how we're going to split in partisan fashion over
this thing.
Like everybody wants to live and everybody would also like to eventually get
back to regular life and the better we can live,
the better we can get back to regular life. So it seems like, okay,
we're on board. When it came to the lockdowns, the original lockdowns,
I was like, okay, I'm on board. You know, I'm,
I'm taking this thing really seriously.
I've got parents in they're in their sixties. I feel like, you know,
I'm in good health. I'm, I'm fairly young. I'm 36. But for my parents, I don't,
I don't want my parents getting this thing.
And so we're still taking this thing real seriously. I mean,
I'm still wearing a mask around in public places. And I think people should,
I think that's a responsible thing to do,
but it immediately turned into who can we blame for this? Who can we blame?
Who's doing it wrong.
And it seems like there were only like a couple of things that you really can do
that are obviously wrong. Like nobody has a good solution on this thing. Okay.
Ravaged Italy. It ravaged Spain. It, it ravaged New York. Like there,
there are a couple of things you shouldn't do.
Don't take the olds and send them back into the nursing homes with COVID. Right.
I mean, that's like an obvious one, but beyond that,
like just staying away from each other and socially distancing. And we're like,
this is all kind of common sensical stuff that people have known since the flu
pandemic event, 1918, like nothing, nothing has really changed.
And yet it immediately turned into who can we blame?
Who's who's to blame for all these dead people.
Maybe it's Ron DeSantis or maybe it's Cuomo, like who, who can we blame?
So that was terrible. And then on the Floyd stuff, I had the same feelings.
Like, I don't know, a single human being who watched that tape and didn't think,
okay, that guy deserves to go to jail Shelvin right there.
The officer in that case, in the George Floyd test, everyone,
I know every single person was like, yeah, that's that's real bad.
Like that's cops,
like I know tons of cops I'm friendly with tons of cops and not one of them was
like, yeah, that's good police procedure. I'm glad he did that. Like,
no one thought that. And so when people are like, okay, well,
we're going to look at police brutality.
Maybe we'll take a look at qualified immunity.
Maybe we'll take a look at police unions and the kind of restrictive covenants
that they have with the cities and how we make sure that everybody knows who's
the bad cops are. So they can't get hired at different places.
Like all those are solutions, but it quickly turned from, well,
we don't want to talk about solutions. Solutions are a bad idea.
What we need to do is we need to shout about everything we can possibly imagine
all at once. And you know what, instead, let's have a conversation about like,
was George Washington, a bad guy? Let's have a conversation instead about like,
just completely defunding the police.
We don't have like a responsible conversation about things that make sense.
We'll talk about like, what if we just got rid of the police?
So the map is what we call semi malleable.
It's not a rigid concrete hardwired map.
So what makes you think that this ups peak is like damage?
Well, so I asked Eddie about this, um, Eddie Chang, my friend,
this neurosurgeon who has, you know, kind of premiere world, not kind of,
he is the world expert on speech and language and the neural transformations and
how it controls the pharynx, all that stuff. And I said,
what's with the up speak thing. He said, yeah, you know, we see that sometimes.
And I'm concerned about that. And when a neurosurgeon tells you their concern,
you kind of go, okay, what are you concerned about? He goes,
there's something wrong with the map and this kind of, you know, well,
he just thinks that the map would shows up kind of normally in, in most,
this is probably the first time in human history.
People have used this up speak. It's also the first time in human history.
People have, you know, typed with their thumbs.
Two guys at the airport back when you can go to the airport. And these two guys,
the airport we're talking in ups beak. And it was like, as clear as day to me,
like they were letting each other, know that they're in the tribe. And, uh,
you know,
I remember Jamie had a tech problem once and he was on the phone with this lady
who was doing ups speak when she was talking to him.
And we both looked at each other like, okay, yuck.
It does kind of create a kind of visceral, like, like nauseous.
You trust those people.
I can't trust someone who talks like that because I know you're on original.
Like you're not, not what not.
Most of us are clearly at least mostly influenced by the people around
us. But it's not just that. It's like,
you've changed how you talk to fit in with this.
There's a tech world. There's tech language, that's tech speak,
it's English, but it's tech speak English. It's letting you know.
And there does seem to be a body response to spinal extension.
I don't trust them. I don't trust them. I think they're sneaky.
Well, I'll try and get the data from I'll try and get the data from Eddie.
Halfway, joking here. If you're like a ups speed person, like, Hey man,
I've always loved your show, but then you said you don't trust people to talk,
like meet joking, but also stop doing that.
Stop doing that. I know what you're doing.
I think, um,
I think Eddie would say that there's some distortion in the way they're using
this map, but.
How did it start? I think it started with one really smart person.
Who's probably a little autistic who talked like that because they were trying
to keep it together. And then everyone else was like,
I want to be as smart as John. And then they started talking like that.
And then it became a thing.
Yeah. I tend to, um, I like broken wingers. I like, uh,
help folks that, you know, I had, um,
I grew up in Queens and Howard beach and it was a for whatever reason,
organized crime capital, a world. And this is gonna sound crazy.
But my neighbor was one of the big bosses. And one day I was preteens,
he said to me, you know, the best thing we could do on this earth, I said, well,
he said help people. There's a guy that killed people for a living. And um,
because that, that was his, his perspective was he, he was a protector, right.
He would help people, even though from the outside, we know what they really do.
But, um, but it stuck with me. You gotta help people.
So this was one of those people I helped.
Isn't it crazy that sometimes even people that are just, you would look at them,
they're like, they're bad people. They have some good advice.
Like even morons can occasionally say something like, huh, all right.
I got that. You know, like every now and then, like, even,
even a real fool will say something that makes a whole lot of sense.
Changed my life. This guy, he, he, um, he said to me,
my parents were going through a divorce. I'm 12 years old and he,
he wants to help me. So he says, come over him.
You're going to clean our swimming pool for us. I don't pay a $35 a week. So,
um, I come over on Saturday morning. He says, all right,
the first lesson he sent me down for lessons. First lesson is, uh,
if you're going to come at eight, am you show up 7 45, right on time is late.
Great lesson for life. Second lesson is, uh,
if I'm paying you to clean the pool, I want you to straighten up the shed,
straighten up all the lawn furniture, clean the windows,
do whatever the you have to do, but make it so that when I get home,
I can't live without you. You are irreplaceable.
As far as the service provider and number three, never asked for money.
You'll get paid. If you do a good job.
And it just stuck with me for life and really, really good lessons from an, an,
like you say, like a most unlikely source. Yeah.